Reviewer 1 of 2014 ACC submission 1035

Comments to the author
======================

This is a potentially interesting paper on dynamic
2N-player reach-avoid games, but the research seems to be 
still in the initial stages and  the paper  written  in
haste.

Due to the intractability of solving the associated HJI PDE
inequalities for 2N-player games the authors propose to
approximate the solution by an approach that combines the
solution of N^2 two-player games with a pairwise matching
algorithm, followed by standard maximum matching in a
graph.

It is not clear how valid is this pairwise matching in
general. The key to the whole procedure is to create
defender-attacker pairs.  But what if no suitable matching
is found?  Can we a priori know whether this pairwise
matching approach can be applied or not?  Moreover, the
authors  do not characterize the class of configurations or
scenarios that can be treated by their approach. Even
though two examples are given, they are not discussed from
this perspective. 

Also,  in the Computation Results section there are a lot
of typos, with many  figures being improperly numbered. In
fact in the whole paper there are 3 figures (1 on page 5
and 2 on page 7)  that are all labelled  as Fig 2!
